add export feature to data catalog (#2191)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/data_catalog/frontend/data_catalog_assets.mdx

  </div>
</div>

In particular, for each selected field, the user can choose to clear the field value on all those selected assets, or to overwrite the any already existent value with a new one set by the user during the bulk edit flow.

> ### Export metadata

Reviewer: Is it OK to anchor this feature under Bulk Actions?

Author: my mistake, I inserted too many “#”, I'm going to fix them

The export metadata feature is designed to be intuitive and accessible from key navigation points: the search assets page, and within the specific asset detail page.
The exported `.csv` file is characterized by a standard structure, involving the following information displayed in the file header:

  * **Default asset fields**, useful to univocally identify a specific asset (`Asset ID`,`Asset Type`,`System of Record`,`Catalog Name`,`Schema`,`Table`,`Column`)
  * **Common standard properties**, `description`, `tags`, as they are in common for all Data Catalog asset types
  * **Custom properties**, based on the custom properties management and metadata enrichment performed by users. The exported file will include all custom properties valorized in the assets which have been exported. For each custom property, in the `.csv` file is also reported the `custom property type`. This allows users to better understand the context of each custom property in relation to the asset.

:::caution
*Unknown custom properties* found during the export process will be included in the `.csv` file too, but no `custom property type` will be present for them.
:::

> :::info
> It is no necessary to have populated all the default asset fields for each row of the exported file. It depends on the asset type and on the type of connection provider of the SoR from which the asset belongs.

Reviewer: Maybe we can reword as follow. Please let me know whether this still convey the intended meaning and is sufficient clear.

```suggestion
:::info
Depending on the asset type, some of the default asset fields may not be available for that specific row.
In addition, `Catalog Name` and `Schema` fields receive a corresponding value in each asset row only for selected connection provider.
```

:::

#### Export from Asset Detail Pages

Within both Sor and table detail pages, users can export the metadata associated with the relative children. In particular:

  * in the **SoR Detail Page**, accessing the `Tables` tab, user can export the list of all tables metadata which belongs to the SoR.
  * in the **Table Detail Page**, accessing the `Columns` tab, user can export the list of all columns metadata belonging to the table.

<div style={{display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'center'}}>
  <div style={{display: 'flex', width: '700px'}}>

![Export from Asset Detail Pages](./../img/export_from_detail_page.png)

  </div>
</div>

> #### Export from Search Results

Author: ```suggestion
### Export from Search Results
```
